Theme - (Home, Depression, Memories)
Concept - Yami Kawaii Art Style, Platformer, Alice and Wonderland, Soft Music Box




4 stages (Scenes, experiences)


1 - DreamLand House - Dreamy, light hearted, hints of horror/dark theme, Music should mimic
2 - Carnival - Small cracks, slight uneasy distortions, mirrors, music should sound like first but ever so slightly off
3 - Water - Large parts of the world missing, dark and/or mundane themes hidden, Depths, rising darkness, music should be a slowly, more bluntly off, version of before
4 - House - Drewry, darken, real version of the dream house


 
Stage 1 -  Home 


        Alice wakes in a lovely dream like room, she pauses, a cat meow can be heard -
        (Opt. A text box appears, “Alice, come find me. Come Alice, find me.”)
Player will then run Alice through a hallway, into the kitchen, where she will find an object that stands out completely.
This will send a crack in the dream like world, her dream is now cracked
The cat walks up to her, looking slightly off, (Opt. Text box, “Don’t worry Alice, there’s still something else.”) and leads her away from the item off to the next level
        
Stage 2 - Cracked Carnival 


Alice is now in a carnival, specifically a mirror maze/fun house. Once again the cat calls to her. 
She proceeds through the funhouse, encountering simple jump puzzles?, small item echos of a similar nature to the previous trigger item to occur, and every fragile item has some kind of crack in it.
This leads her back to the cat in the beginning section(Opt. on a carousel horse, which would be the new trigger item), who will speak to her about how she just looped, and will keep looping. This sends another shockwave through the dream world.


Stage 3 - Broken Ocean


Alice finds herself falling through a broken part of the carnival into what seems like water. She goes down, down, down, to the bottom. Parts of this world are missing, revealing a darker, drewry world. Images of school desks, books, dirty dishes, etc. will slowly appear as she gets closer to the cat. 
She can continue through (Opt. Float effect on Jump? Slow lift but fast pull down ((like she can’t seem to leave the bottom))) jump puzzles, (maybe over the real world objects), She comes up to a mermaid this time, holding the cat doll. This mermaid laughs, before throwing the doll to Alice, and swims off. This revelation the cat was a doll the whole time, sends another shockwave.


Stage 4 - Home 


        Alice suddenly wakes from her bed. The room is a drewry, dark, realistic version of the dream world home. Alice is called by her family member, player then slowly walks alice down the same but drewry hallway from before. She comes to a table, a happy cat sitting on top. It meows, and the game ends.